---
layout: post
title: "“Elbow is Responsible” beloved children character Elmo says regarding tweets"
standfirst: "An investigation into Elmo’s home life."
author: "Emilia Bronl"
date: 2025-07-19
cover: /assets/elmo.png
---
“Elbow is Responsible” Beloved children character Elmo says regarding tweets.

Though as of the afternoon on July 14th, Elmo’s X (formerly known as twitter) account had been recovered by Elmo, That morning, several hateful, anti-semetic and racist posts.

The post left several viewers wondering why Elmo posted the comments, or how Elmo’s legally assigned guardian, PBS, let this hack happen.

Logainne "Schwartzy" SchwartzandGrubenierre, A spokesperson for PBS blamed the unfortunate events on the lack of funding PBS will soon be approaching, with money for public broadcasting services being reduced, or being cut altogether in Trump's Big Beautiful Bill.

SchwartzandGrubenierre stated:

“The people are angry. They want more Elmo, it only makes sense that one would lash out in response to the cuts.. oh wait [sic] … he posted the what ? Shit. Cut. …

[cont.]
…Okay. We are terribly disappointed that the beloved character of Elmo was used to spread such hateful messages”

Trying to get to the bottom of this, This is a Real Newsite (TRN), visited the home of the Elmo Monster in Alphabet City, in a second-floor walkup.

Before the investigators could reach the apartment door, they noted hearing screaming, Marcy Park, a TRN reporter recalls

“It was a lot of fighting, one really high pitch scream, and then quiet, but not silent, Runaway, by Ye, formerly known as Kanye West [sic] was playing. I had no idea what I was about to enter.”

TRN reporters were shocked when after opening the door, a whiff of cigarette smoke, and the smell of Marijuana filled the air (The legal purchasing age in the state of New York is 21, however, Elmo claims to be 3.5 years old, even after being recorded in 1980, making him legally 45 years old, TRN has asked for proof of his birth certificate).

After the smoke cleared, It was not Elmo who appeared behind the door, but Elbow, a Mustard-Yellow Elmo doppelganger. He introduced himself in a low growling voice as Elbow and brought us inside.

The apartment was damp and dirty, fly moving around doordash-ed chick-fil-a. Just as they entered, they finally saw him, Elmo, running in, apologizing and trying to clean up the mess.

“ELBOW IS RESPONSIBLE. ELBOW ASKED ELMO TO STAY ONE DAY. ELBOW HAS BEEN HERE FOR THREE WEEKS. ELBOW ASKED TO USE THE COMPUTER WHILE ELMO WAS AT SESAME STREET”

Shoutout Maria Shapson for creating Elbow
